# Panda

## Process Names

```
AdminServer.exe|Panda
apvxdwin.exe|Panda Internet Security
avengine.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
AVENGINE.exe|Panda Internet Security
avltmain.exe|Panda Titanium
Avtask.exe|Panda
ClShield.exe|Panda
Console.exe|Panda
CPntSrv.exe|Panda
iface.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
inicio.exe|Panda Internet Security
PadFSvr.exe|Panda
pagent.exe|Panda Enterprise
Pagent.exe|Panda Enterprise
pagentwd.exe|Panda Enterprise
Pagentwd.exe|Panda Enterprise
PASystemTray.exe|Panda
pavbckpt.exe|Panda Internet Security
PavBckPT.exe|Panda Internet Security
pavfires.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
PavFnSvr.exe|Panda
pavfnsvr.exe|Panda Internet Security
PAVFNSVR.exe|Panda Internet Security
pavjobs.exe|Panda Internet Security
Pavkre.exe|Panda
pavkre.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
pavmail.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
PavProt.exe|Panda
pavprot.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
pavprsrv.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
PavPrSrv.exe|Panda Internet Security
PavReport.exe|Panda
pavsched.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
pavsrv50.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
pavsrv51.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
PAVSRV51.exe|Panda Internet Security
pavsrv52.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
pavupg.exe|Panda AdminSecure upgrade utility
PNmSrv.exe|Panda
pnmsrv.exe|Panda Network Manager
prevsrv.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
PSANHOST.EXE|Panda Internet Security
psctris.exe|Panda Enterprise
PsCtrlS.exe|Panda Internet Security
PSHost.exe|Panda Internet Security
psimreal.exe|Panda Internet Security
psimreal.exe|Panda Internet Security
PSIMSVC.EXE|Panda
psimsvc.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
PsImSvc.exe|Panda Internet Security
pskmssvc.exe|Panda Internet Security
PSUAMAIN.EXE|Panda Internet Security
PSUASERVICE.EXE|Panda Internet Security
remupd.exe|Panda Agent
srvload.exe|Panda Internet Security
tpsrv.exe|Panda Anti-Virus
webproxy.exe|Panda Internet Security
WebProxy.exe|Panda Internet Security
WEBPROXY.EXE|Panda Internet Security
```