# Trend Micro

## Windows

```
aphost.exe|TrendMicro Infrastructure
asupport.exe|TrendMicro
CNTAoSMgr.exe|TrendMicro OfficeScan
COREFRAMEWORKHOST.EXE|Trend Micro Internet Security
CORESERVICESHELL.EXE|Trend Micro Internet Security
dwwin.exe|TrendMicro or DrWatson
EntityMain.exe|Trend Micro Control Manager
EUQMonitor.exe|TrendMicro ScanMail for Exchange
IsntSmtp.exe|TrendMicro
ISNTSysMonitor|TrendMicro InterScan System Monitor
LWDMServer.exe|TrendMicro Infrastructure
mrf.exe|TrendMicro Infrastructure
nSMDemf.exe|TrendMicro
nSMDmon.exe|TrendMicro
nSMDreal.exe|TrendMicro
nSMDsch.exe|TrendMicro
NTRtScan.exe|TrendMicro OfficeScan
ofcdog.exe|TrendMicro
OfcPfwSvc.exe|TrendMicro Personal Firewall
patch.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
pccclient.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
pccguide.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
pcclient.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
pccNT.exe|TrendMicro
PccNTMon.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
PccNTUpd.exe|TrendMicro
pccpfw.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
PcCtlCom.exe|TrendMicro
pcscan.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
PcScnSrv.exe|TrendMicro
pntiomon.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
pop3pack.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
pop3trap.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
ScanMailOutLook.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
schupd.exe|TrendMicro
SMEX_ActiveUpda|TrendMicro ScanMail for Exchange
SMEX_Master.exe|TrendMicro ScanMail for Exchange
SMEX_RemoteConf|TrendMicro ScanMail for Exchange
SMEX_SystemWatc|TrendMicro ScanMail for Exchange
smOutlookPack.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
SpntSvc.exe|TrendMicro ServerProtect
stopp.exe|TrendMicro ServerProtect
StWatchDog.exe|TrendMicro ServerProtect
svcGenericHost|TrendMicro ScanMail for Exchange
tmas.exe|TrendMicro Anti-Spyware
TmListen.exe|TrendMicro
Tmntsrv.exe|TrendMicro
TmPfw.exe|TrendMicro
tmproxy.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
UISEAGNT.EXE|Trend Micro Internet Security
UIWATCHDOG.EXE|Trend Micro Internet Security
webtrapnt.exe|TrendMicro PC-cillin
```

### Process Names

```
TMBMSRV.exe
```

### Running Services

```
TMBMSRV
```